fix: Replace deprecated pkg_resources with importlib.metadata to clear DeprecationWarning (#2392)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed the type-hinting of `Member.move_to` and `Member.edit` to reflect actual
  behavior. ([#2386](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/2386))

> - Fixed a `DeprecationWarning` from being displayed when running `python -m discord -v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a deprecation warning from being displayed when running `python -m discord -v`
```

>   by replacing the depricated module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  by replacing the deprecated module.
```
